---
layout: post
title: ABOUT THE AMO - MISSION STATEMENT
tags: [written by AWRF]
---

The AMO is an organization designed by AWRF for a community that is and will always be completely disorganized.  Us musicians get so wrapped up in living the life of the artist, that we often forget that community-building requires humble dedication,,, which (due to globalization and shortening attention spans) so often goes unrewarded.  FURTHERMORE!  Our lifestyle is NOT supported by the current mode of the entertainment industry.  From our perspective, this industry wishes to make us into maximally-efficient content generators for the benefit of tech giants like Meta, Google, Apple, and Spotify.  Record labels are dead.  There's no longer any official way to know which managers and producers are trustworthy - and which are scam artists.  There's no official way to know which songs are for AI - and which are for humans.  But somehow, your gut knows when something isn't quite real.  The unofficial way is to trust your own judgement.  Curate your oun influences to protect your soul from the industry that tries to suck it dry.  Consider authenticity to be the indicator of trustworthiness, and professionalist polish as the marker of our predator.  The entertainment industry may know how to package, market, and distribute, but recently, they've forgotten how to create art that will stand the test of time.  No wonder they devote so much to acquiring the rights to famous intellectual property.  They know just as well as we do: The best films come from auteurs.  The best journalism comes from independent writers.  The best songs come from real human beings who just NEED to share their stories with the world.  The best and most beatiful future for humanity is in people like us.  

The AMO is always free to associate with.  We do not maintain a brand because we are just the result of our associates' collective action.  Currently we have members in London, Toronto, Kingston, and Hamilton.  We do not have membership fees or an approval process, so if you claim to be in our organization, you are.  Because of this, there are likely many members of the AMO that are not properly supported by our publications.  If you have work that you want to share with us or if your city is not listed here, contact our admin via email <a href="mailto:russellfreier@gmail.com" target="_blank">russellfreier@gmail.com</a> or DM to <a href="https://www.instagram.com/russellfreier/" target="_blank">@russellfreier</a> on instagram.  

The AMO is apolitical because our members are diverse in their opinions.  We are classified as a non-governmental organization, and so we cannot regulate the political actions of our members.  We may, however, support political action when it cannot be seperated from our music.  Even still, music does not need to be political for it to be deserving of our support.  Our organization is best understood as an amorphous network of creatives, whose independent activities take us in as many directions as possible.  

The AMO provides its members with access to a network of like-minded individuals, friendly support during contract negotiation or any other difficult confrontations in the industry, loss of work, and career-legitimizing publications.  

The AMO cannot accept donations or sponsorships.  

LOL<3